In this video, we're going to
help over 100 different stray dogs
finding a loving home.
Something
all of these dogs have in common
is that they were abandoned
or rescued from kill shelters.
Some of them
would have even been dead
by the time this video was uploaded,
which is why we brought all of them
here to this massive dog sanctuary
to get every one of them adopted.
And to show you
how serious we're taking this video.
We have an army of trainers, walkers
and even an entire team dedicated
to giving the dogs scratches.
Make sure they get lots of love.
I want the doggos happy.
And the doggos were happy,
especially once the first
adopter showed up.
Welcome. Come on in.
What?
You're going to adopt a dog
even though you already have one?
Yes, we want a small dog
to be friends with this guy.
And if you're wondering
where these two random
people came from,
we spent hundreds of thousands of
dollars on a statewide ad campaign
to get
as many people here as possible.
- What do you think of Biscuit?
- Oh, she's cute.
If you're interested,
we can take them to the park
and let them play together.
Yes, that would be amazing.
- Oh, they're running together.
- Yes.
We love her.
You want to proceed
to the next step?
Yes, please.
We love her so much.
One down, 99 More to go.
Oh, we got a runaway dog.
We got you cornered.
They're all cheering him
on. All right.
Whoever adopts Rocky,
good luck, he's very energetic.
And something you should know.
Every person
who wants to adopt a dog.
Hi baby!
- All right you're free, Barkley.
- Oh, he's great.
I think we're going to do it.
Is first put through extensive
background checks
by an independent third party person.
To make sure they'll be able to
provide a safe, stable and loving home.
- Barkley's been officially adopted.
- Thank you!
Congratulations.
And when the
next family came in.
Let's go find you guys a dog.
They notice a dog right away.
Oh, look at this.
He's ready.
How many dogs?
As many as you can carry, baby.
Charlie and Nugget.
They're getting along so well.
And after saying goodbye
to Nugget and Charlie,
things began to pick up.
Hi!
I'm Karl, you want to meet a dog
instead of me?
Yeah, that's kind of
why I'm here.
Chandler, nice to meet you.
How's it going?
I'm Jimmy.
Hi.
You strike me as someone
who'd like Brownie.
He's cute.
It's the end of day
one and eight dogs got adopted.
But obviously, the cute,
fluffy dogs are easier to find homes for.
Getting all 100 dogs adopted
could literally take months,
but at least on day two.
Thanks to our ad campaign,
we had ten times the people waiting.
Oh my God.
Here's a
cute puppy you got to play with it?
Oh my gosh.
The objective is to hit them with
a cute puppy when they walk in the door.
Seems to be working.
- I like this one.
- I love you.
- You want to take Hansel?
- Let's do that.
There's so many people in here.
I don't know what to do.
Oh my God!
- I'm taking the dog home.
- Okay.
There we go.
Another one adopted.
In case you're wondering,
these Xs don't mean the dog's died.
It means they got adopted.
I want both!
See if you can convince them
to adopt two dogs.
There is a buy one,
get one free rule.
- They're both free.
- They're both free, actually.
Let's get these two.
I think you are the one for me baby.
We rolling, Rocky out.
Chandler is introducing people to dogs.
Karl's hanging out
with the people in the park
to make sure they don't
steal the dogs.
And Nolan is the closer
and making sure they adopt the dogs.
Plus, we have, like, 50 other people
running around
doing everything in their power
to find these dogs homes.
We have a well-oiled machine running
and we will get all these dogs
to a loving home.
And on top of that, every adopter
gets an additional surprise.
So are you guys certain
you want to adopt Thor?
- Yeah.
- Pretty much.
Then I have a surprise for you.
Every dog that gets adopted,
they also come with free
pet food for life.
I should probably turn this with
you can see it.
Free pet food for life
and pet insurance for life.
Get out.
I think I'm going to cry.
Do we get food for life?
That does not
come with human food for life.
Thanks to Spot and Jinx,
we are able to provide
premium pet food and insurance
for all 100 dogs.
Let's go!
Thank you!
Which literally means
free dog food shows up at their door
for the entire life of the dog.
Oh, my God.
Look at that.
Thank you!
What kind of angel is doing this?
It's my friend Jimmy.
Well, tell your friend Jimmy thank you.
But that was when I met
this woman who really stood out,
having previously adopted
six other dogs in her lifetime.
And so we took her to see some dogs,
but she fell in love with Zoey
right away.
That's her, Dane.
And she's going to meet Zoey
for the first time.
Let's see if they get along well.
The butt sniffs.
That's a good sign.
We need you to be extra nice to Zoey.
Okay?
Look at them running around.
Zoey is going to be extra
happy in this new home.
And because now with Zoe, she'll be
caring for a total of seven dogs.
How awesome.
We wanted to surprise her
with something a little extra.
We're also going to give you $10,000
in cash.
Get out.
As long as you promise
to give her lots of scratches.
I do that for nothing.
Now you're doing it
for ten grand.
- No way.
- No problem.
I rescued so many babies.
Because I just love them.
And they deserve a good home.
Yeah, absolutely.
You're going to give her
a great home, we know that.
And even though it was a chaotic day,
by the end of day two,
we had 44 dogs adopted.
But we noticed there was one dog
who got passed up by families
more than any other that day.
This dog's name is Buffet
He only has three legs
because sadly, he was hit by a car,
which unfortunately
means he may just be the hardest dog
out of 100 to find a home for.
So this is my favorite dog
over here.
His name is Buffett.
He only has three legs.
But luckily for Buffett,
we had a few new strategies
for tomorrow
because on day three we still had
over 50 dogs to get adopted.
So the first strategy we used was
I let everyone into the park
and unleash all of the dogs so that
they can choose their own family.
You got a camera
and you're the camera man.
So beautiful!
Have you decided on the baby's name?
We think Hershey.
Hershey? Good dog name,
bad chocolate name.
Yeah, you can just jump in there.
We won't lock you in.
All right. You can't leave
until you adopt her now.
So what do you say?
You want to get the leash?
- Yeah, why not?
- All right, arms up.
- I'm just kidding.
- It's a perfect match.
- You think this might be the one?
- Think so.
You want to go home with me?
She's too cute.
And since we were getting
pretty good at adopting dogs,
it was time to have
a little bit of fun.
Boys, what am I doing?
Lay down and pretend to be asleep
whenever they...
Oh, she just came in.
Hi.
Stay asleep, hold it.
- Is he asleep?
- Yeah, he's taking a nap.
He just tucked him in.
Now get up and say
"guess nap time's over".
Guess nap time's over.
And now go back to sleep.
Bro they think he's crazy.
Look at her face.
But all jokes aside,
the good news is
we were finally getting more people
to see Buffet.
Oh, he likes you guys.
Buffett might be about to find a family.
But unfortunately.
Are you thinking Tanner or Buffett?
We need to get Tanner.
Do you want to take Buffet back?
Yeah, I think so.
And we'll go take a look
at a couple more.
Ok.
So we try it again with these two.
He's a sweetheart, and
he actually gets around really well.
But once again.
So you don't want Buffet.
- I can't take him.
- Yeah, come on good boy.
And to be honest, guys,
this whole situation
made us really sad,
which is why we spent 50 grand
on a customized buffet
marketing campaign.
We will not rest
until Buffet has a loving home.
As you can see,
almost all the puppies are gone
because people are just not looking
to adopt older dogs as much.
And since that's all we have left,
the further we go, the harder
this gets.
Some of these dogs are
from a facility
called a kill shelter
because they're unable to refuse
any animals.
They're often overcapacity
and have to put down their dogs
to make space for more.
But fortunately,
that's not going to happen.
And up next, we're on day number four.
And this time we have Dave Bautista,
who you might recognize
from Guardians of the Galaxy.
Thank you.
This one's your favorite.
She's so loving.
She's working her magic.
Don't give me that look.
She's like,
Come on, why don't you adopt me?
- You're usually the adopter.
- Yeah.
I have four.
All rescues.
Might be five soon.
Yeah.
Look at us, we both
look super defined.
With everyone's dogs picked out.
It was time for Dave's
official initiation.
This time Dave's doing the adoption.
Let's see how good of an actor
he is.
Dave, when they walked in, bark
and woof to them as a dog.
It's an everyday thing for me.
Oh, it's kids.
Hello.
How are you?
All right, you can stop.
You can stop.
I don't want to make it
too hard on him.
Sorry for barking.
I've been speaking to dogs all day.
And we have a prize for you.
We have a huge prize for you guys,
Free pet food for life, from Jinx.
And we also have pet insurance
for life, for your dog.
Oh, wow.
That's amazing.
But wait, there's actually
one more surprise.
There's actually one more surprise.
And then go to the beach painting,
turn it around and show them what
it says on the back.
Do we get the picture?
I hate Guardians of the Galaxy.
No way.
Thanks guys.
With Dave now part of the team,
we were adopting dogs
faster than ever before.
How's it going?
Oh, they're so cute.
- Are you taking both of them?
- Yeah.
You can't separate.
- Let's go get the paperwork ready.
- Let's do it.
And soon enough,
we were approaching the final ten
and hardest to get adopted Dogs.
Hi baby!
Yeah.
Dave, you keep coming back to her.
What's going on?
I have a dog named Penny,
and she reminds me of her so much.
So it's already
feeling like we're connected.
I hate seeing her without a home.
It's killing me.
If no one takes her
home, I'll take her.
- If one adopts her, you'll take her?
- I'll adopt her. Yeah.
I'm going to hold you to that.
She's going to have a home
no matter what.
And it wasn't just Doralee.
After getting passed up again
and again, by families all day,
Buffett seemed like
he was starting to lose hope.
But then something unexpected
happened.
Buffett seems pretty cool.
My grandpa had
a three legged dog.
- Can I take him for a walk?
- Yeah.
Buffett seemed to warm up
to this guy right away.
- Come on hop-along.
- Someone might adopt Buffett.
Buffett
had a lot of fun running around,
and this guy didn't seem phased
by his missing leg at all.
So I've seen three legged dogs
do pretty good.
I'm feeling
really good about this time.
I think Buffett
is about to find a new home.
You want to go home with Buffett?
Yeah. He seems like good dog.
And to ensure
that Buffett has the best possible
quality of life moving forward,
we also had a custom
prosthetic leg made for him
and were able
to give his adopter $10,000.
Buffett found a home.
Now we got to get rid of his kennel.
Buffett, we miss you already.
It's bittersweet, but it feels good
to finally take down his kennel.
We'll miss you, Buffett.
It is now the start of day five.
Only ten doggos remain.
We've made
some very serious progress.
As there's less dogs, there's less
options for people to choose from.
So obviously this is just
going to get harder.
And to kick off today
I brought two of my friends.
Who are looking to adopt dogs.
You might know Neil because he lost
$1,000,000 in our videos.
You might know Dustin because
he lost $10,000 like five years ago.
It's a lot better than a million.
And while you're looking for dogs,
because I've spent over $2 million
on getting dogs adopted, don't plan
on slowing down anytime soon.
Please.
For the love of God,
can I tell you about Surfshark?
- Of course.
- I'd rather look at the dogs.
Surfshark is a private network provider.
VPN, that lets you access
content
not available in your location
as well as browse the web safely
and securely.
Surfshark was also kind enough
to give this shelter $50,000
to help save more dogs.
So you should watch this ad.
What do you think of Cocoa?
- I think...
- Here, tell me in one second.
Sometimes content is only available
in a specific country.
Luckily, Surfshark has 3000 servers
in 100 different countries,
so you can watch movies or shows
that aren't
specifically available in yours.
- Anyways, what would you saying?
- Tell me more about the VPN.
I already did.
- You want to take Jet out for a walk?
- Please.
Yeah. Let's do it.
And with Surfshark's alternative ID,
you can disguise things
like your address, email
and phone numbers from hackers.
You're free.
- I'll look at them running.
- Oh, my goodness.
What's the verdict?
I love playing with this dog
and I want to keep
playing with this dog forever.
Good enough for me.
You think you're going to get Jett?
I'm absolutely getting Zeus.
Oh, his name Zeus now?
Good enough for me.
Did you know if they use discount
code MrBeast
on Surfshark,
they can get up to 83% off
and have six months
added to their subscription.
Are you kidding me?
On top of that,
Surfshark has a 30 day
money back guarantee,
so there's literally no reason
not to install
and give it a try right now.
You're stupid
if you don't.
Neil, don't worry.
You don't have
to share checks with him
because we have our own checks for you.
Let's go!
Eight dogs remained and
we're going to go find them a home.
Jimmy, how do I cash these?
As we had hoped,
as more and more people came in,
some were showing interest
in our older dogs.
Is Dexter a shepherd?
Were you interested in a shepherd?
Yes. That is exactly
what I was interested in.
We got two boys,
so I think we need like a girl.
She's ready to come out.
Hello pretty girl.
So you made up your mind
about Dexter?
- You're taking him home?
- Oh, yeah, I'm taking Dexter.
I think we need her in our life.
They're so happy.
And so as we remove
some of the final dog's kennels,
we started to receive video footage
from all of the families
who had adopted these dogs so far.
And she's loving her new life here.
Cooper has been
a great addition to our family.
This is Hazel so far.
She is doing amazing.
Hi Sarah.
You got belly rubbed.
Good boy.
Yes.
Thank you for the puppies MrBeast.
And it was really beautiful.
At the start of this video,
we had 100 dogs that have been left
in kill shelters or abandoned,
but now only two remain,
leaving us
with Star Crunch and Doralee.
And while people are
coming to adopt,
neither dogs seem to fit
what they were looking for.
- I was looking for a small dog.
- We don't actually have any small dogs.
I was really looking for
like a younger dog.
Yeah, no worries.
Do you guys have any small dogs?
Sadly, we don't have any more.
We were starting to worry
that we wouldn't find this two a home
and there was nothing left to do
but wait.
Star Crunch and Doralee.
Oh, How's it going?
- What up?
- Hi.
These are our final two.
It's like the last pick in dodgeball.
I'm going for this one.
Star Crunch can be incredibly shy
when she meets new people,
but Star Crunch gravitated right to him.
- We'll call you Crunch.
- Win him over crunch.
You're watching all these dogs
get adopted.
- No.
- Doralee.
And even though it was exciting
to watch Crunch get adopted,
it was still sad to see Doralee
all by herself.
Oh, my God.
She's actually sad.
She's just realized what happened.
And now we have one.
And we're going to give
whoever adopts Doralee over there
an even bigger surprise
than everyone else.
And since she's the only dog left,
she doesn't need a kennel.
This entire building is her kennel.
She's so fast.
We made sure to give Doralee all
the attention the last dog deserved.
As we waited and waited
and waited
until finally one person walked in.
- How's it going, man?
- This is Doralee.
Hey.
- Oh, she seems to like you.
- So pretty, yeah.
She was saved after being abandoned
during hurricane Idalia
and now she's just
looking for a forever home.
I think she just found one.
But before you can take Doralee home,
one person has to approve of it.
I hate seeing her here.
If no one takes her
home, I'll take her.
How's it going?
I need you to give your blessing,
okay?
She looks super happy.
Oh, yeah.
Approved!
I'm going to give him
the paperwork, take care.
Congratulations.
Oh, I just hung up on Dave.
He is way too big
for you to do that.
Congratulations on adopting Doralee.
And as a reward
for adopting the 100th dog,
we have $20,000 in cash for you.
Are you serious?
You have to promise us,
you will always take care of her.
Right here.
I have one final surprise
for the people that helped us
get all these dogs adopted.
Come on in.
As a thank you for
letting us use your place.
We wanted to make
a $100,000 donation.
So you can keep finding abandoned
dogs homes.
We also brought a bunch of money
for all of you that helped us
get them adopted.
Thank you Spot and Jinx for
providing pet insurance and dog food.
That was wonderful.
There's about 50 grand
in those wheelbarrows,
which is extra on top of what
they made when we paid them to help.
Thank you for watching.